Update system-requirements.md (#2031)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/aks-hci/system-requirements.md

----

> #### Stretched Cluster in AKS on Azure Stack HCI and AKS on Windows Server 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Stretched clusters in AKS on Azure Stack HCI and AKS on Windows Server 
```

> [!NOTE]

> > At this time, stretched cluster has not been validated for different customer use cases and is not supported for use in your AKS on-premises environment. We advise that you use the backup and disaster recovery approach for your datacenter operational continuity.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At this time, stretched clusters have not been validated for different customer use cases and is not supported for use in your AKS on-premises environment. We advise that you use the backup and disaster recovery approach for your datacenter operational continuity.  
```
